ReadMe.md, before:

# WeatherApp

A Basic WeatherApp to fetch weather information from a backend API.

## Libraries used
* androidx.room:room-compiler
* com.google.dagger:hilt-android-compiler
* androidx.room:room-runtime
* androidx.room:room-ktx
* androidx.room:room-compiler
* com.google.accompanist:accompanist-pager
* com.google.accompanist:accompanist-pager-indicators
* androidx.core:core-ktx
* androidx.compose.ui:ui
* androidx.compose.material3:material3
* androidx.navigation:navigation-compose
* androidx.compose.ui:ui-tooling-preview
* androidx.compose.ui:ui-tooling
* androidx.compose.ui:ui-test-manifest
* androidx.lifecycle:lifecycle-runtime-ktx
* androidx.activity:activity-compose
* com.google.dagger:hilt-android
* androidx.hilt:hilt-navigation-compose
* androidx.lifecycle:lifecycle-viewmodel-ktx
* com.jakewharton.timber:timber
* com.google.accompanist:accompanist-swiperefresh
* com.google.accompanist:accompanist-placeholder-material
* io.ktor:ktor-client-core
* io.ktor:ktor-client-cio
* io.ktor:ktor-client-content-negotiation
* io.ktor:ktor-serialization-gson
* com.google.code.gson

## A note on testing
Due to un-forseen time restraints the project is lacking testing. However, There are some tests to demonstrate how testing would be done.

Commit message:

Clarified how to refresh data.

ReadMe.md, after:

# WeatherApp

A Basic WeatherApp to fetch weather information from a backend API. Refreshing the list can be done via swipe down to refresh or the refresh button if no data is present.

## Libraries used
* androidx.room:room-compiler
* com.google.dagger:hilt-android-compiler
* androidx.room:room-runtime
* androidx.room:room-ktx
* androidx.room:room-compiler
* com.google.accompanist:accompanist-pager
* com.google.accompanist:accompanist-pager-indicators
* androidx.core:core-ktx
* androidx.compose.ui:ui
* androidx.compose.material3:material3
* androidx.navigation:navigation-compose
* androidx.compose.ui:ui-tooling-preview
* androidx.compose.ui:ui-tooling
* androidx.compose.ui:ui-test-manifest
* androidx.lifecycle:lifecycle-runtime-ktx
* androidx.activity:activity-compose
* com.google.dagger:hilt-android
* androidx.hilt:hilt-navigation-compose
* androidx.lifecycle:lifecycle-viewmodel-ktx
* com.jakewharton.timber:timber
* com.google.accompanist:accompanist-swiperefresh
* com.google.accompanist:accompanist-placeholder-material
* io.ktor:ktor-client-core
* io.ktor:ktor-client-cio
* io.ktor:ktor-client-content-negotiation
* io.ktor:ktor-serialization-gson
* com.google.code.gson

## A note on testing
Due to un-forseen time restraints the project is lacking testing. However, There are some tests to demonstrate how testing would be done.
